GPGME Python Bindings Documentation
===================================

As the GPGME Python bindings exist in two worlds within the FOSS
universe, it's always had a little issue with regards to its
documentation and specifically to the format of it.  The GnuPG
Project, like much of the rest of the GNU Project, uses Texinfo to
build its documentation.  While the actual format used to write and
edit that documentation is Org mode.  Largely because most, if not
all, of the GnuPG developers use GNU Emacs for much of their work.

The Python world, however, utilises reStructuredText almost
universally.  This in turn is used by Sphinx or Docutils directly to
build the documentation.

Each has various advantages for their own ecisystems, but this part of
the GnuPG effort is aimed at both sides.  So, long story short, this
documentation is provided as both Texinfo and reStructuredText files.

This docs directory contains four main subdirectories:

 1. meta
 2. src
 3. rst
 4. texinfo

The Meta directory is for docs that are not intended for distribution
or are about the docs themselves.  The sole exception being this
README file.

The Src directory is where the original edited files are, from which
the following two formats are generated initially.  Most, if not all,
of these are written in Org Mode.

The ReST directory contains reStructuredText files which have been
converted to that format from the Org Mode files via Pandoc.

The Texinfo directory contains Texinfo files which have been exported
to that format from the Org Mode files by Org Mode itself within GNU
Emacs.

Those latter two directories should then be used by their respective
build systems to produce the various output file formats they normally
do.  They should not spill out into this parent directory.
Particularly since it is quite possible, perhaps even likely, that
alternatives to both of them may be added to this parent documentation
directory at some future point.
